  Sure! Here is the list of main points for the provided PDF content:

1. Experience with .NET development, including exception handling, serialization/deserialization, immutability, enums, collections, annotations, generics, autoboxing, multithreading, async/await, TPL, reactive programming, and concurrent collections.
2. Knowledge of RDBMS and NoSQL databases, SQL queries, stored procedures, triggers, functions, ADO.NET/ORM frameworks, and messaging/data streaming platforms like RabbitMQ, ActiveMQ, and Kafka.
3. Experience with cloud applications, including PaaS, SaaS, and IaaS options, and migrating on-prem applications to cloud platforms.
4. Understanding of automated provisioning of cloud-based resources with appropriate access controls, and hands-on experience with scripting languages like PowerShell and Python.
5. Familiarity with code build, test, quality check, and release tools like Git, MSTest, TFS, MSBuild, Jenkins/Bamboo/Octopus, and cloud devops tools.
6. Experience with Microservices architecture and creating/consuming Microservices using .NET Core APIs.
7. Experience with security, transaction, idempotency, log tracing, distributed caching, monitoring, and containerization requirements of Microservices.
8. Experience with AJAX, JQuery, and at least one JavaScript framework (like Angular, React, etc.).
9. Experience with writing Unit test cases using MSTest and mocking frameworks.
10. Skilled/Experience in writing end-to-end automated tests using BDD frameworks like SpecFlow.
11. Understanding and experience with application monitoring tools like New Relic, ELK stack, App Dynamics, or cloud monitoring tools.
12. Hands-on experience in designing and developing enterprise logging and monitoring for cloud-native platforms.
13. Hands-on experience with cloud platform storage services (object storage, data storage, file storage, etc.).
14. Hands-on experience with cloud platform API Management Service.
15. Hands-on experience with cloud platform Integration services like Azure.
16. Experience in creating, deploying, config